>> Kevin Powell: So, we have another
opportunity now to fancy this animation up
even more, because when we're doing this
with our starting styles and all of that,
while we're changing the display to block
and hidden of the navigation itself,
that hides and
shows all of the children as well.
So we can actually take advantage
of that to add animations or
transitions to the list
items if we wanted to.
Because right now, when I click on this,
and it slides down and then slides out,
what we could do is actually have the
individual list items animating as well.
So, let's say we came on the primary
navigation that's right here,
and I'm just want to select the list item.
So let's actually go to
my regular ones first.
I just wanna be in my primary navigation.
There's my uL, so we'll come right here.
Let's just say Li, and
we'll do a translate of
50%,just to see what that does.
So when we open it, sort of shoved
off to the side a little bit,
and we can come and
say this has a transition: translate and
I'll just do 1s, I'm doing two there so
it's the transition plus a delay.
Don't keep these are way too long for
things like menus you do want users to
be able to interact with put them pretty
quickly, but for educational purposes,
I'm going pretty slow with these.
So, we're going to
transition that translate,
and we can do that,
by coming here, where we have
that primary navigation, when it's opened,
the Li can then have a translate of 00.
So, ideally, it would actually be doing
that transition that we've run into that
same problem that we had before,
where even though it's
the parent that's display none,
all the children in there are also display
none, just because the parent isn't there.
So they're getting added to the Page 2.
So on here,
we can also add a starting style.
>> Kevin Powell: And then,
translate 0 50%, I think is what we want.
>> Kevin Powell: [LAUGH] wrong way,
that was kind of cool actually.
That was completely accidental but
I kind of like that.
[LAUGH] nice.
We'll do it the other way,
negative 50%, it probably 0.
And then so when I open them,
The other way, and
then they can slide in we'll do it.
One more time, and then we can
have them slide in a little bit.
Of course, if we're doing that, it would
also make sense for the starting-style
here, actually have no opacity of 0, and
then this would go up to an opacity of 1.
So, we don't see them until
they start sliding in.
And then, also just means up here,
I also wanna do my opacity,
and for now, we'll do the 1s, 1s.
So leaves, comes in,
Oop!, I broke something.
Transition, translate opacity.
>> Speaker 2: Semicolon
after your opacity.
>> Kevin Powell: Thank you.
Appreciate that.
>> Kevin Powell: Now,
I broke something else.
There we go, and then they slide in.
Not the coolest thing I like the sort of
the drop down I might change it after.
[LAUGH] To be the other way,
where they sort of bounced
upwards that was kind of neat.
But, we'll stick with
what I was doing here,
because there's one more thing that we
can do just to make it look a little
bit cooler, at the same time where
we come all the way back up.
And, what I would do is, on these,
I would instead of having the delay
set like I'm setting it right now,
what we could do is come in with
an animation, or we'll just call it delay.
It's going to be a bit faster, and so
my delay as a default could be one second.
And then so this is my delay here,
var (--- delay) and var (--- delay), so
everything should be
exactly the same as it was.
And then they all slide in
with that delay on there.
But then I could say that I
have my li nth child (2).
And, we could say the delay is now 1.25s,
let's say.
And li nth child(3),
has a delay of 1.5 seconds.
And again, if you're doing this, please
use faster times cuz users don't wanna
wait that long for their animation or
for their menu to come in.
And then we get a nice little,
[LAUGH] animation.
Again, another nice little use case for
custom properties there just to
add this little staggering effect.
If you had tons of elements and you needed
them to sort of slide in, that might be
a good use case for JavaScript too, just
to loop through, and you could do a set
the delays through a just a style
attribute on each one of them.
But if you just have three elements,
it's easy enough to do it
within the child like this.